So we've seen that Spring can be configured in multiple ways.
There's the XML configuration,
there's annotation, and then there's also pure Java config.
Just to be clear,
you can have annotations with XML and you can have them with the Java config.
It doesn't mean that annotation‑based is Java
configuration‑based, that's actually just annotation‑based.
We are going to be using the Java configuration with annotation approach.
What also used to be done with a lot of XML,
the web.xml, loader listener, all of that configuration
is now all contained in our AppConfig,
which is a very welcome change and makes the configuration
in our app a lot less, and that's actually where we'll start off in the next module, integrating this all in to our application.